README.md, before:

# MacInitializer

`MacInitializer` is a simple script designed to set up your macOS environment for programming. This script automates the installation of essential tools and software to get you up and running quickly.

## Features

The script will install the following tools:
- **Rust**: A systems programming language focused on safety and performance.
- **Warp Terminal**: A modern, GPU-accelerated terminal for macOS.
- **GitAutoInit**: A utility to automatically initialize Git repositories with a default setup.
- **Ice**: A powerful menu bar manager for macOS
- **Notion**: App to write, plan, collaborate, and get organised
- **Discord**: Voice and text chat software
- **Arc**: Chromium based browser
- **Firefox**: Web browser
- **Flutter**: UI toolkit for building applications for mobile, web and desktop

## Usage

You can easily download and run the `MacInitializer` script using `curl`. Open your terminal and execute the following commands:

1. **Download the file**

    ```bash
    curl -L -o macinitializer.sh https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jpgtzg/MacInitializer/main/start.sh
    ```

2. **Make an executable**

    ```bash
    chmod +x macinitializer.sh
    ```

3. **Run the script**

    ```bash
    ./macinitializer.sh
    ```

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Contributors

If you have any questions, suggestions, or feedback, please feel free to open an issue or contact the project maintainer.

<a href="https://github.com/jpgtzg/macinitializer/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=jpgtzg/macinitializer" />
</a>

Commit message:

Added Spotify Desktop and terminal Player

README.md, after:

# MacInitializer

`MacInitializer` is a simple script designed to set up your macOS environment for programming. This script automates the installation of essential tools and software to get you up and running quickly.

## Features

The script will install the following tools:
- **Rust**: A systems programming language focused on safety and performance.
- **Warp Terminal**: A modern, GPU-accelerated terminal for macOS.
- **GitAutoInit**: A utility to automatically initialize Git repositories with a default setup.
- **Ice**: A powerful menu bar manager for macOS
- **Notion**: App to write, plan, collaborate, and get organised
- **Discord**: Voice and text chat software
- **Arc**: Chromium based browser
- **Firefox**: Web browser
- **Flutter**: UI toolkit for building applications for mobile, web and desktop
- **Spotify Player**: A Spotify player in the terminal with full feature parity
- **Spotify Desktop**: Music streaming service app

## Usage

You can easily download and run the `MacInitializer` script using `curl`. Open your terminal and execute the following commands:

1. **Download the file**

    ```bash
    curl -L -o macinitializer.sh https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jpgtzg/MacInitializer/main/start.sh
    ```

2. **Make an executable**

    ```bash
    chmod +x macinitializer.sh
    ```

3. **Run the script**

    ```bash
    ./macinitializer.sh
    ```

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Contributors

If you have any questions, suggestions, or feedback, please feel free to open an issue or contact the project maintainer.

<a href="https://github.com/jpgtzg/macinitializer/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=jpgtzg/macinitializer" />
</a>
